大家好,这里是AI大模型周报2025年7月的第三期。Minimax正式发布Agent全站开发功能,一句话交付复杂全站应用,比如30分钟开发一个演唱会选座系统,可以像票务应用一样实时锁座,支持用户注册、邮箱验证、支付下单等,载入跟踪特定科技股票的最新价格和行业新闻,Agent可以每天定时提供真实准确实时的金融数据。优如创建电商网站,支持真实下单,有管理员,智能体它可以上架新产品还有管理订单。Mistral AI发布Voxpro语音理解模型,不仅开源而且精度高,成本低,比如Voxpro Mini Transcribe它的表现优于OpenAI Whisper,而价格还不到它的二分之一。有面向规模化应用的241参数版本,以及适合本地和边缘端部署的31版本,两款模型都支持长上下文,可以处理30分钟的音频转录,内置问答和总结功能,支持语音指令调用函数,支持英法德意西印和等多种语言,支持特定领域微调等等。Le Chat, Mistral AI里汇聚tous ensemble dans un assistant IA unique et puissant, toujours à votre disposition. Que ce soit pour répondre à vos questions, vous aider dans vos tâches quotidiennes, ou simplement pour une conversation agréable, Le Chat est là pour vous. I am currently on the street. Can you give me the address of the nearest post office? Deko yaar, wo client meeting aaj postpone karni padhegi, kyunki mera calendar ekdum full hai. Tum please unhe mail karke reschedule karlo, aur wo updated agenda bhi share kar dena, urgently. The program will be launched for the next month, providing a reference image of a reference image, which can make the reference image more vivid in the video. It supports tracking the head, face, hands, upper body, and multiple angles and environments. May 10th, the mixed expert model Kimi K2, with 320 billion parameters, a total of 10 billion parameters, and excellent performance in front-line knowledge, mathematics, programming, and other tasks. K2 optimizes for intelligent tasks through large-scale intelligent data synthesis and common storage learning, especially for intelligent tasks and agent tasks, helping developers build AI systems that can call tools and actively perform tasks. Currently, there are two versions, open-source base model and instruct post-training model. Google's cloud development environment, Firebase Studio, updates intelligent mode agent mode. Users can seamlessly switch between ask agent and agent autorun modes to accelerate development tasks. In addition, the MCP, which is the model upgrade agreement, supports functions such as Gemini CLI, programming, research, content generation, and various tasks. Anthropics launches a new cloud tool directory, supporting one-click connection to Notion, Canva, Figma, Stripe, and other services and applications, allowing cloud to have the same tool presentation, data perspective, and context awareness as users, and directly assist users in obtaining more useful solutions in the work environment. Love Art AI officially launches the design intelligent tool Love Art AI, which can turn ideas into exquisite professional results. Love Art first goes through thinking, planning, and searching to form a complete design concept, and then autonomously selects the most suitable tool. Through prompt optimization and image generation, it forms a preliminary design plan. Next, it adjusts the color matching, font, etc. to generate visual content suitable for various products or scenes for the brand, including logos, web pages, peripherals, illustrations, videos, etc. It supports personalized editing and modification. Researchers from the National Institute of Nanoscience and Technology have launched an oxide-mossy lithium-ion memory resistor, and based on it, they have built an artificial taste system that can effectively perceive the classification accuracy of chemical substance odors at 90%, and the classification accuracy of the mixture of coffee, cola, and other mixtures at 92.3%, which helps to develop hardware architectures with perceptual intelligence. Google releases the first Gemini embedding in the text model, Gemini embedding 001, which is good at a variety of tasks from search to classification. It is not bad in the fields of science, law, finance, programming, and other fields. The model is ranked first in the MCAP multilingual ranking, supporting more than 100 languages and a maximum input token length of 2048. It supports adjusting the model's performance and storage costs according to specific needs. Researchers from Shanghai AI Lab have launched a lab utopia simulation and standard kit to build a high-confidence simulation test platform for laboratory tasks based on the development of a common interpretable intelligent body for laboratory tasks. The lab utopia integrates three modules, LabSim, a high-confidence simulation engine that supports simulating a variety of chemical reactions, LabSim, a step generation system that can synthesize a variety of reasonable 3D experiment scenarios, and LabBench, a task evaluation standard that evaluates the intelligent body of scientific research based on a variety of physical constraints, different process complexities, and different research tasks. MemTensor researchers have launched a large-scale memory operation system, MemOS, which mimics the memory mechanism of humans, aiming to build a unified, controllable, and constantly evolving memory space. Its core is the standardized memory unit, MemCube, which supports tracking, merging, and shifting of heterogeneous memories, allowing AI memory to shift between different platforms and devices. Researchers believe that memory training is expected to become a key to scaling models and significantly improve model capabilities. China Telecom's Artificial Intelligence Research Institute has launched AI Flow, a network framework, integrating advanced information technology and communication technology achievements, allowing different AI models to collaborate across different nodes, surpassing the capabilities of single models, and related achievements will empower large-scale AI wearable devices and smart cities. Bilibili, or Bilibili, has launched Index TTS 2 for video voiceover, which can control voice duration, achieve voice synchronization, and can connect emotion expression with character identity, achieving independent control of voice and emotion. I don't believe in childhood affection. I only believe in destiny and fate. Through all twists and turns, we'll meet again. Beyond human power to change. OpenAI believes that as the autonomous action capabilities of AI systems continue to increase, the technology of thought chain monitoring, that is, chain-of-thought monitoring, is becoming increasingly important. This paper, written by many famous institutions, and endorsed by Geoffrey Hinton and Elias Etsky, points out that in the Transformer architecture, the long-term sequence chain must be transmitted through the thought chain, and the more complex the task, the clearer the thought chain is needed. In addition, the thought chain monitoring needs to pay attention to the model's improper behavior, find early signals that do not match the target, and improve the effectiveness of model evaluation. However, monitoring the thought chain is not easy. It may be affected by some factors and may cause some effects. The paper proposes a method to evaluate the visibility of the thought chain and suggests that AI developers should implement the thought chain monitoring, contributing to model safety. Huang Xun's third visit to China, he gave a speech at the opening ceremony of the third China Supply Chain Conference, pointing out that AI is a fundamental infrastructure like electricity and the Internet, and believes that the next wave of AI is the understanding of the physical world and the reasoning and execution of tasks. Nvidia announced the resumption of the sale of Nvidia H20 GPU chips, and the US government has decided to grant the permit. In addition, facing intelligent factories and intelligent logistics digital twins AI, they launched the fully compliant Nvidia RTX Pro GPU. Sun Zhongyi announced that the software group will build an AI intelligent system that can autonomously evolve, without human intervention or intervention, and will develop 1 billion self-employed and self-improving AI intelligent systems within 10 years, and achieve the flexible use of 1,000 intelligent systems by each human employee. The Max Planck Human Development Institute's research found that ChatGPT may be quietly changing people's word usage habits. Researchers based on a total of 740,000 hours of academic discussion videos and podcasts covering multiple disciplines found that after the release of ChatGPT, the frequency of words such as depth, comprehend, meticulous, and other words in human dialogue increased significantly, or hinted that the machine trained based on human data is reshaping human culture with its own cultural characteristics. This episode is here. Please refer to the link in the video description for the papers and project links you mentioned. Thanks for listening.